what do you mean taken I mean ripped
from the earth and sucked into the sky
now his abductor did leave a calling
card in the field and from Lana's
description it sounded a lot like Saab
symbol vinyls drawings warned of Zod
coming it's actually happening what what
is happening I I don't get it I mean I
thought that Zod was trapped in that
phantom prison other dimension things
that's what I'm worried about fine nose
I would not release Zod willingly he's
obviously changed strategies so then
Lex's part of Plan B which means Lana
stuck right in the middle of it look
Clark I know what you're thinking and
she used to come to you when she was in
trouble but that's all different now
okay and you know what that was your
choice Chloe I don't feel like I've made
any of the right choices lately Chloe
what if Lex is the vessel that's why the
ship took him Lana said that fine was
preparing him
if I'm right
and I gotta kill Lex
lacson I thought I'd never see you again
it's okay
what happened
I've been given a gift
there's not a scratch on it you need to
know the truth about me
they've turned you into one of them I
have their abilities but it's still me
nada I'd never lie to you
you
how could I keep something like this
the person I care about most
flex
I overheard Clark and Chloe talking
now that you're back Clark
he's going to try and kill you
it's fear Lana